Allow unlimited VAST retro-queries (#98)
tenzir/threatbus: apps/vast/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - 🐞 Users can now run unlimited retro-queries against VAST by setting the
>   `retro_match_max_events` parameter to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🐞 Users can now run retro-queries with an unbounded number of results against VAST by setting the
  `retro_match_max_events` parameter to `0`.
```

Is that what "unlimited retro-query" means?

W
